I know this is long but please, for the love of all things holy, help me out here guys. I am seriously about to lose it. I just moved to a new city in December, and I wanted to save some money by finding a roommate to split the rent with. I'm a nurse and I work full time nights, which means I work three shifts a week from 7p-7a. I usually leave the house at 5:30 pm and don't get home the next day until around 9 am. The reason I'm mentioning this is because I have a chihuahua. My previous roommate also had a dog, so we would just take turns letting our dogs out. I'd take hers out when she was at work, or she would take mine out, ect. it worked for us. Also, my dog is housebroken and i can count on my hand how many times she has had an accident. But I understand that dogs have accidents, so when my roommates dog would have one...no big. I would just clean it up and let my roommate know about it.

So anyways, this is the type of roommate relationship i was looking for. I posted an ad telling about myself, my dog, my job ect. That I was looking for a "dog person" and I would exchange dog duties with them if they had a dog. If they did not have a dog...I was willing to pay extra if they would help me out with her...or let them have the master suite free of any additional charges.

I went on to explain the "help" I was looking for. I just needed someone willing to take her out to go potty, maybe feed her if I didn't have time before I got out the door. Someone that would interact with her so she wasn't lonely while I was gone.

I got a response and we will call this girl Laura. She said she just LOVES dogs and she has a chihuahua but it is currently living with her parents. She agreed to take the master suite in exchange for helping me out with my dog. I told her I needed my dog to be taken outside at least once, preferably between 8-10 pm, while i was at work..played with, ect.

This all seemed to be working out fine...until my dog started having accidents in front of her room. Now...this is just not like my dog at all. She just doesn't do this. All I can think of is my roommate was coming home late, and instead of letting my dog out first thing, she was going to her room to shower and change first (she works out after work) and that maybe my dog was sitting outside her room...waiting for her to take her potty...and just couldn't hold it and peed.

My roommate was very upset about this. I told her I was sorry...that she usually never does this. It was probably an isolated incident but I would work with her to make sure it doesn't keep happening.

Same thing happens. Roommate is even more pissed. She texts me while I am at work to tell me my dog had an accident on the carpet. I feel terrible but at this time I am at work. I assumed my roommate had cleaned it up..because I couldn't do anything while I was at work. I talk to her the next day and tell her I just don't understand why she's doing this and that I'm sorry. I also asked my roommate, "were you able to clean it up?" and she said "umm..no. I'm not doing that. That isn't my responsibility." So i get a little upset and I'm like..okay I know it's my dog but I mean..I can't do anything while I am at work. And if the pee is allowed to sit there all day...it's going to seep through the carpet and then she will just be attracted to that scent and keep going back to it. Roommate says that isn't her problem and she isn't cleaning it. Roommate also says she thinks it would be best if I keep my dog barricaded in my room while I am at work. That she will still take her out and feed her, but she wants me to get the carpet steamcleaned.

I agree and now I keep my dog behind a gate in my room, I paid $150 for a steam cleaning service that is coming this week. But now I am getting different types of texts from my roommate. She has been job hunting recently and has been doing interviews via skype. So she will text me asking if she can shut my dog in my bedroom during the interview so that if my dog barks, it won't be audible. I understand and agree...until she tells me to please not come home between x and x hours because she will be doing the skype interviews and knows that my dog will bark and I guess ruin everything. So I agree to this the first couple times. But now she is wanting me to keep my dog in my room with the door shut pretty much at all times because she just doesn't like that my dog barks. She also does not want my dog running through the house at all because she may have an accident. So essentially my dog is allowed in two places: in my room with the door shut, or on the patio with either the gate blocking her entry into the apartment or the back door closed.

There have also been several incidents where she hasn't let my dog out at all. I give her my schedule for the month, and I told her if she won't be available to please let me know. But what is happening is I will text her and be like "I'm off to work! I fed the dog and she peed outside but didn't poop." and I'll get this in response "Oh, I won't be there tonight. I'm staying at (some guy's house)" and i'll ask her to please let me know next time...because someone has to let my dog out and I need to plan in case she isn;t there to do it. But it happened a second time. Or, she will say "ok but I won't be home till like 1 or 2 am" and when a dog hasnt been outside since 3 pm...1 or 2 am and especially 9 am is a really long time to wait.

Outside of the dog issue...her not taking my dog out at all or on time, refusing to clean up any accidents then complains that the carpet stinks, wanting the dog to be shut behind a closed door in my room at all times, and not wanting me to come home at specific hours because of her skype interviews that my dog might ruin with her barking...we have some other things going on as well.

Such as...she hates clutter. And by clutter I don't mean dishes being strewn across counters or tabletops, papers and mail left in disarray, or half folded laundry covering the couch. I mean she hates it when any tiny little piece of anything is not exactly where it should be. She gets onto me about leaving my keys on the table instead of hanging them on the key rack, leaving my purse by the back door or my work backpack by the backdoor. Any tiny little piece of anything that is not put back where it belongs gives her a "panic attack" (her words...not mine). She is also allergic to everything, including flowers which I am not allowed to have in my room or in the house. She also schedules maintenance visits, package deliveries, ect during the day while I am asleep. This became a larger issue when we had a utility bill that was $400. Naturally, we needed to investigate. The only thing is, she has not added me on the account. So when I would call to schedule a time for the utility company to come out, they would tell me they couldnt release any information to me since I was not on the account. Easy solution is to just add me to the account. But no, there is not easy solution with her. So instead, I tell her to call them up and try to figure out what we need to do..I will give her my availability and pick a day where I don't work. So we had maintenance come over and an electrician. They are giving me all sorts of information and at one point one of the leasing office people says the utility company needed to change the thermostat. I relayed this information to my roommate who was confused, because surely the apartments controlled that aspect. Later I was corrected and told my roommate in person that I indeed had meant to say meter, not thermostat. And that the utility company needed to check the thermostat. The next day, the utility company did just that. Which I told her.

One day around 1130 am I wake up to let my dog out and I get a text from my roommate saying "I was just on the phone with the utility company and I have been trying to get someone to come out to our apartment for ages but they said the only day they can do it is today so they will be there between 12pm and 2pm will you please let them in when they get there?" To which I replied "I'm sorry, I cant. I need to be asleep because I work tonight" so she replies "so you mean I have to leave work just to come let them in" (and it wouldnt have been more than just opening the door, I would have to have been available to answer questions, ect) and I say, "Yes. I'm sorry. I gave you my schedule, and if you looked at it you would see I have all monday and tuesday available. I can tend to this issue on one of those two days if you want to reschedule" I never get a text back from her. I could, in my twilight of sleep, here her come in and talking to some guy for a few hours and some banging around. I then get a text from her at 4 pm saying "Well that was a big waste of my time. I had to use vacation time so that I could be here to deal with this issue and it turns out that they didn't even need to be here in the first place because the apartment is responsible for the thermostat, not the utility company" and I reminded her that I already cleared that issue up with her. And that the utility company already came and checked the meter to which she retorts "well this is why I keep telling you to get all of this in writing so stuff like this doesn't happen" and I'm like what am I supposed to do here? She refuses to add me to the account but holds me responsible for scheduling all this BS and talking to everyone.

Another thing that really got to me was she wanted to have this "official roommate meeting" over dinner. I told her Thursday would probably work out for me. We didn't decide on a time or place, just Thursday. Well, I worked Wednesday overnight so I came home on Thursday morning to be greeted by one of the maintenance workers..again, she had scheduled something to be done during the day when I would be sleeping. So I don't fall asleep until after 1 pm, and I start getting a stomachache. I accidentally sleep through my alarm and wake up at 7 pm to a text from her stating "Okay well I guess we aren't going to do dinner then. I just want to let you know that we still need to have a meeting because I feel like there are a lot of things we still need to discuss. But I marked off time on my busy schedule so I could meet up with you about this, and I'm not going to do that again because there were other things I could have been doing instead of waiting around to hear from you" I remind (in text because she is too petty to discuss these things to my face) that she scheduled maintenance that day and I didn't fall asleep till late and on top of that I was sick and I slept through my alarm. And that please stop scheduling stuff during the day without looking at my schedule, because I have to sleep too. And she replies, "well it's kind of hard because no one else has a schedule like yours and things need to be done during the day sometimes" (even though there were like 3 other days that week I didn;t work that she could have scheduled that visit on.

I'm just so done. It's like the likes the idea of having a roommate with a dog to save money and have the bigger room...but despises any physical evidence that might be lying around that another person or animal lives there. I feel like everything I do pisses her off, and she just always talks down to me in this annoying condescending way. I've spent $150 to get the carpets cleaned and $500 on a pet deposit so that in case my dog does have accidents, she isn't liable.

I've also already met with a dog sitter who will be taking over responsibilities for my dog while I am at work because I not only can't rely on my roommate...I just don't want her near my dog at this point because obviously she is not a dog person. And I can only assume there is a reason her dog lives with her parents.

Please help me reddit, what do I say to her? I have to tell her eventually that I got a sitter and she will be at the apartment tomorrow night to let me dog out. And I know she is going to get confrontational with me and sometimes when I get upset I just can't put my thoughts into words.

This is unfair right? It's not just me?

TL;DR: my roommate agreed to help me with my dog in exchange for the master suite, but isn;t being responsible and now wants me to barricade my dog in my room because sometimes my dog has accidents. She has impossible standards and signed the lease knowing I work nights, yet continues to schedule maintenance visits and deliveries during the day.
