I met him about a year ago, from the first second I saw him I thought he was the hottest guy I've ever laid eyes on... and I make an effort to tell him everyday... he was about half a year out of a four year relationship that began failing around the third year. His most recent ex girlfriend has been making unwanted appearences, and when I met her for the first time by myself in his friends kitchen, just the other day (my boyfriend didn't know about her being there, his friends mom is just a bitch) I had a massive anxiety attack. I don't quite understand why so, but I think it might possibly be because I have never been in a long relationship and I know from persoanl experience with friends that you grow quite a bond when you're in love.... and I know that it's really hard to shake it off. On top of that, earlier in our relationship his ex messaged me harassing me because I was with him. Just the other day I met his dad for the first time (his dad lives in a different town so there's not much opportunity for me to meet him) and he brought up how my boyfriend ex girlfriend showed up to his house a few months ago. Around the time she actually did, I already knew and brought it up to him and he said that he went home later... (not telling me that he saw her).. I waited until we weren't with his father to bring it up. All he had to say was that 95% of it was that he wanted to go to bed. When I asked about he other 5%.... he told me basically the same thing as the other 95%... 'I told her we could talk another day I really only kept saying how much I wanted to go to bed'... I don't feel as though I have the right to be too angry about this though, because we weren't yet officially in a relationship... but by this time we were starting to develop and talk about trust and how much we hate liars and cheats.... Unfortunately the thing I can't handle the most is his lack of concience when he's angry. He's ruthless, and destructive. I'm blessed with the ability to calm myself down enough to think rationally, or when I'm unable, I tell him we should continue the conversation another time (I learned early that even if you beg him to stop... he won't. I have to tell him.. which unfortunately makes him angrier) .. but if I do this, he gets very mad and calls me an inconsiderate bitch. It's like I'm stuck between giving into the frustration and ending the argument sooner, without making as much progress, or ending it until we're both calm (which come to realize. Has never happened. Even after hours of waiting he doesn't calm down... currently just blocked him and told him wed talk after his hockey tryouts in a couple days so he could calm down... and so I wouldn't break up with him:/) and making more progress because when you calmly siffle through your problems... you end up understanding the person and their wants alot more. But I don't know how to do so. He doesnt want me to have guy friends. At the begunning of the relationship, i told him i was ckntented withiut guysnin my life. And i truly thiught i wlild be... but it turns out i domt veuw the other gender as purely a sexual object, like many people do unfortunately... i see the male gender as humans, half of the population of my species. I woidl like to have the freedom to make friends with whomever, considering i still have quite a hit of life left in me yet and dont want to watse opportunities to make friends and new people and learn things from these new people... i feel like without being able to converse with the population that im getting much less diversity in my life... effecting my happiness and my growth. As of recently, I brought it back up and told him exactly this... but hes still not contented. I told him I was going to converse with the entire human population, and if he had a problem; then he should leave me, and find someone who fits his wants better. I would love to devote myself to him but because this is an important time in my life, my stress levels and my growth is very important right now. I have to focus on myself as well. Is this selfish of me? While in argument, hell talk about me cheating on him often & change from saying stuff like 'you better get uses to not drinking with guys when I'm not there' to 'go ahead do whatever you want' while I constantly tell him I won't. .. I don't want to... I never said I wanted to.... and he calls me a cunt because he gets worked up over little things... he makes stories in his head to make me seem like a bad guy... he spams me with rude messages and when I beg him to stop and tell him he's being rude he claims I always call him an asshole and he's always being mean... and TRUST ME. I know I'm not perfect, and in our arguments I say things that anger him quite a bit.. but never as much to get him to the extent that he should spam me with angry messages, and when he does this (which he does in every argument, which happen kind of often) I try to respond calmly but with all of the angry messages piling up.... breaking me down... I can only answer to a few because he'll just jeep spamming me not giving me a chance to reply properly and then he'll get angry I'm not responding to certain things and here's where I usually can't keep going in the argument. If I can't keep myself calm... I tell him that I'll have to talk to him later... then he spams me with more, because I know it makes him more angry... and later when I message him back I throughly answer the messages, and it continues (usually less heated, but sometimes not) until the bitter end of the argument... I know I probabaly shouldn't stop talking to him in an argument but sometimes it gets to be too much... and he knows that it does... I try to explain why I stop to him all the time and he doesn't.... (and by the way, because I'm not sure where to slip this in, this is about the fights we have over text... we rarely ever have them in person, but when we do it ends up being alot more productive. I've asked him to only have them in person but they happen slowly over text until it's a full blown fight and leaving it just angers him). Now, don't get me wrong here. This sounds horrible. He sounds like a horrible guy. But he's not, at all. When he's not angry, he may not be the smiliest and might not always be all over me but he treats me like his better half alot of the time, making sure I have space on the sidewalk and giving me half of his food, or half of his cigarette, or if I'm low on dope he'll give me half of his grinder (don't let the weed talk give you a bad idea about me, it's just niice to relax sometimes.) & he's pretty understanding when it comes to my life events with family and such, which is nice. I tried breaking up with him once because of his anger and his inability to give mercy or show thoughtfulness in an argument, among other things like school and work, but found myself unable to stay away... It's also shitty because I'm used to having one very close friend, whom I lost recently, and will be alone without him.
